It's my first high-school life.
The second semester was about to end.
This is so exciting!
Hagakure, don't you feel cold?
It's so cold out here!
Our costumes have changed a lot
since we first came to U.A. High.
I'm surprised you managed to wear this
during the hot summer.
Kacchan's outfit looks different too.
What?
Say it to my face!
Hey!
You all seem very relaxed.
Bring it on, Class A!
Let's settle the score today!
CLASS A VS CLASS B
The Hero Course of U.A. High
Class A and Class B
will soon have their joint training.
Shinso who wants to transfer
to Hero Course has joined this battle.
With that, the first battle began.
Class A soon ran into a predicament.
BEFORE THE FIRST BATTLE
In case some of you didn't know,
I'll explain to you how my Quirk,
Brainwashing, works.
First of all,
I must focus on one single target.
I must have the thought
of controlling the target.
With that as a foundation,
as soon as the target talks to me,
I can seize control of them.
They will move as I order.
There are different degrees
of brainwashing.
But the target can break free
after taking damage.
I haven't tried this before,
but brainwashing multiple targets
is impossible.
I'll get distracted.
Even so, your Quirk is still very potent.
However, I can't target
under my control speak.
Orders that require thinking
won't work either.
I can show my target
the name "Tsuyu Asui."
I can order the target to copy that name.
But I can't ask my target
to use that name as an answer.
This is common for heroes,
but we are doomed if the weaknesses
of our Quirks are known.
They can just ignore your voice.
Which is why I need this device.
It works like a vocal cord.
This mask can mimic different voices.
The Persona Chord.
My Quirk won't work through
microphones or speakers.
So it must be your own voice.
Yes.
The countless plates in this mask
can shift and resonate
to change my voice and send it out
as a different voice.
I see.
Which means…
That means…
It's a voice changer.
That is awesome!
You have the strongest Quirk!
The first battle begins!
The battle has begun.
We don't have a strategy yet.
I guess we'll have to improvise.
How strong can this device be?
That's up to me!
JUROTA SHISHIDA
Okay, let's finish them off!
Leave it to me!
He spoke with my voice!
Are you kidding me?
He copied my voice
and took control of Shishida!
That guy…
-Before he wakes up…
-You're too slow!
Air Prison!
Wake up, Shishida.
Wake up!
Shinso from General Education.
Damage and impact
can break his brainwashing.
Shiozaki told me about this Quirk.
I didn't know he could change his voice.
You fool! Stop!
If you touch me,
you get shocked!
That hurts.
I electrocuted him.
How is he still standing?
Shishida!
I got you!
Nice!
Take him to the prison, Tsuyu!
Seriously?
You should have passed out!
Shishida from Class B.
Such incredible strength.
Tsuyu…
-Don't worry.
-What?
Class A…
can count on him!
What? Koda!
That air wall can't be very durable.
It's surprisingly tough!
Well…
I'll strike again!
Kirishima…
-I'll send him to the prison.
-Okay!
You shall not pass!
My tiny friends, lend me your strength!
Red Gauntlet!
I'm in human form again!
Jurota Shishida.
Quirk: Beast.
Activating this Quirk
will make him increase in size.
When deactivated,
his body goes back to its normal size.
Beast form, once again!
The only one who can match my strength
is probably Kirishima.
In that case…
That direction…
Hey, wait!
A lost lamb descends from the heavens.
They got Kirishima!
Even so,
Asui got Tsuburaba as well.
The score is now even.
SHOTO TODOROKI
KATSUKI BAKUGO
It's far from even.
I can't speak.
He's too strong!
I knew it!
But Koda is still quite a handful
to deal with.
Carrying him during a battle
puts me at a disadvantage.
It's time to retreat.
I'll finish this match
with a life advantage!
WELCOME
HIRYU RIN
That's 2:1 for us.
Sorry, Koda.
They got me. However…
She wrapped me with her tongue!
This barrier is much harder
than what we saw on the sports day!
Class B is really strong.
This must be the fruition
of their intensive Quirk training!
Is that right?
Both teams
have already started undermining
their opponents' combat strength!
Shishida and Tsuburaba did a great job!
Both teams
have equal number of combatants.
But Class B seems to be holding up
much better with their morale!
My students' ferocious attacks
might finally bring Class A to its knees!
That's our teacher, Vlad King!
Vlad King, don't be so biased!
Shishida is too strong. He's a threat.
His nose can sense anything.
PRO HERO SHOTA AIZAWA
Shinso…
It's undeniable that he lacks experience.
Judging by the way he used the binding,
he only had them made
after knowing the situation.
It seems like he still lacks
the speed for real combat.
To utilize Shinso's strong point…
What now, Tsuyu? We'll lose at this rate.
It took us some time
to understand Shinso's Quirk.
They caught us off-guard.
I should have acted faster
with my binding.
Sorry.
We should apologize.
We let you fight them head-on.
It's my fault for coming up
with that strategy.
Speaking of which,
injury is very common in combat training.
Thankfully, you acted fast.
I was saved thanks to you.
Thank you for saving my neck.
I know you're not interested
in becoming our friend,
but I like you a lot.
You really do want to become a hero.
It's nothing.
We should figure out our next plan.
I have an idea.
Kaminari, check your navigator.
Navigator?
You used me as a decoy
to initiate the attack.
Such sinful action.
You deserve flogging.
Flogging?
But I pulled off a great feat.
We only need to catch three
from Class A to win this battle.
We know about Shinso's voice changer.
If we can catch him,
we can still secure the victory
by ignoring Kaminari.
Shinso…
Losing Tsuburaba took a toll on our ranks.
What?
This is…
What is it, Shishida?
I don't know how this is happening.
But there is no doubt about it.
I can sense three Asuis coming this way.
Three Asuis?
Is this their strategy
against your sense of smell?
In that case,
I should teach them a lesson.
Your plan
will only lead to foulness.
HITOSHI SHINSO
QUIRK: BRAINWASHING
TAKING CONTROL OF ANYONE
WHO REPLIES TO HIM
DENKI KAMINARI
QUIRK: ELECTRIFICATION
RELEASING ELECTRICAL CURRENT
FOR ATTACK OR RECON
I can sense three Asuis coming this way.
What is Shishida talking about?
Tsuyu is not like Ectoplasm.
They can't be her clones.
Midoriya, that's…
Yes, it is.
Tsuyu told us about it,
but we've never seen her use it before.
I'm going to explain my Quirk to you.
I can jump high, climb walls,
and stretch my tongue
20 meters max.
I can take my stomach out and wash it.
I secrete a toxic mucus
which only stings a little.
-Toxic mucus!
She covered both of them with her mucus
to mask their scents!
We almost forgot her ability.
I bet Class B didn't see this coming.
Kaminari, check your navigator.
Navigator?
I put a tracker on Shishida
when I attacked.
You can stick the tracker to any surface.
You can also use the visor
to locate your target.
You actually prepared
for everything, Tsuyu.
-You're awesome.
-You're amazing for not noticing it.
Shishida can pinpoint our location.
My nose can sense anything!
It's best to assume
he has our location at all times.
We'll use that to our advantage.
We all smell like Tsuyu.
He can't tell who we are
unless he sees us in person!
He hasn't noticed the tracker yet.
There is no sudden movement either.
We need to deal with his other teammates.
We don't know where they are.
Rather than searching for them,
we should take down Shishida while we can.
His nose and strength are too powerful.
Tsuyu, how are you holding up?
He sent your flying just now.
I managed to avoid any serious injuries.
But I won't hold up for long
if we face him head-on.
In the name of Vine,
punish the treacherous evildoers!
Via Dolorosa!
Beast of Revelation,
reveal their locations!
Ten o'clock! Twelve o'clock!
And two o'clock!
They are splitting up and closing in!
And stop calling me
the Beast of Revelation!
I am Gevaudan!
DRAGON SHROUD
They are closing in.
So they know where we are.
Do they have a scouting Quirk
we don't know?
What? Hey, Beast of Revelation.
There's something stuck on you.
-What?
-This came from Kaminari.
I got one.
I'll drag you out!
We don't know who that is.
Find cover, Shishida!
If it's Kaminari…
Yes, you got it right!
But you chose the wrong target!
All of you are here,
start holding hands and get electrocuted!
Crucifixion.
What?
Faith's Shield!
I sealed off his electricity
with layers of vines.
I can even use this as a shield.
It's a flawless execution.
I tricked you.
As long as the navigator
is within ten meters,
my electricity…
can form a straight beam!
What?
Give me a break!
That was so close!
Hiryu Rin.
Quirk: Scales.
He can form hard scales with his body.
He can shoot them as projectiles
or wear them as armor.
Reset the vines now!
Yes. Shishida, give me their location.
That wasn't my voice!
It's Shinso's voice changer!
Come on, look at those vines!
Is Shiozaki still with them?
It's over if she catches us.
Let's fall back.
No, I have an idea.
Let her catch me.
Let her catch you?
They are wary of me.
That means I'm a real pain in their necks.
On the sports day,
she put up a huge pile of vines
to stop my current.
If I annoy her enough,
the vines will thin out.
Then, Shinso and Tsuyu, it's your opening.
Come on.
I never underestimated Kaminari,
but his experience in combat
makes a difference.
So this is the Hero Course's strength.
We have no idea where the voice came from.
He used the environment to reflect sound.
Shishida, where are they?
Is someone there?
Hey, talk to me!
Just looking at his mouth
will put us in danger!
I need to wake up Shiozaki.
Your scale shots won't hit her!
Asui!
She is really agile.
Shishida, it's Asui!
He is not listening.
Judging by the scent,
I can tell Tsuyu is right over there.
That means
this scent here came from Shinso!
Shinso…
You said you were falling behind.
But you're a terrifying foe.
You're a real threat!
Not bad.
I won't fall for the same trick!
Eraser Head's Binding Cloth!
Capturing Cloth!
I see.
However…
Villains won't be defeated so easily
with your puny trick.
I'm right behind you!
Enough!
I'm behind you, Beast!
You can't brainwash me again!
Beast?
Get out of the way!
Sorry for that.
Yes!
A stunning performance!
Shinso, that was too close.
How is this match balanced?
No, Asui and Kaminari figured out a plan
and put Shinso's Quirk to good use.
This is so cool.
Asui's mucus masked their scents.
That confused Shishida's nose.
Then he used the voice changer
to bait their opponents,
stopping them from communicating.
Under the right circumstances,
his very presence can dominate the field!
Brainwashing…
This Quirk is far more formidable
than I thought.
With his new support device
and Capturing Cloth,
he's totally different
from the person I met on the sports day.
I guess he had been secretly training.
It can't be helped, I want to be a hero.
To realize our dream…
To become a true hero…
WELCOME
Shiozaki!
Why am I inside the prison?
I was brainwashed?
Lord!
Please forgive my foolishness!
Shiozaki!
I'm already falling behind all of you.
Sorry, but I must do my best.
Forget it. You can't catch up to us.
Shinso, you're already too strong.
I have a long way to go.
I will need guidance.
I will become a pro hero
with my own strength.
CLASS A
WIN
The victory of the first battle…
goes to Class A and Shinso!
Next episode…
The second battle between Class A
and Class B is about to begin.
Class B learns from their mistake
in the first battle.
They came up with a more refined tactic
with Kendo as their focus.
Tokoyami's Dark Shadow
is at a disadvantage,
can Class A overcome their predicament?
Next, "Operation New Improved Moves!"
We'll finally see Tokoyami's new move!
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!